https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69002991 Richard Hanbury-Tenison Sir Richard Hanbury-Tenison, KCVO (3 January 1925 - 12 August 2017) was a Welsh-Irish diplomat, soldier and royal representative. Born on 3 January 1925, he was the son of Major G. E. F. Tenison and Ruth, "nee" Hanbury. His father was from Ireland, but his mother's family had made their wealth out of mining iron ore and processing it in Pontypool in Wales over two centuries earlier. Hanbury-Tenison attended Eton and then served as an officer in the Irish Guards from 1943, firstly in Belgium and the Netherlands in late 1944 and then in Germany in 1945, where he was wounded. After studying at Magdalen College, Oxford, he entered HM Diplomatic Service in 1949. He was in Austria from 1956, dealing with the arrival of refugees from Hungary. He subsequently served in Romania and as political counsellor in Germany and Belgium. He left the service in 1975 and settled in the Welsh county of Gwent. There, he was closely involved with various public bodies. Having served as High Sheriff of the county in 1977, he was the Lord Lieutenant of Gwent from 1979 to 2000 and was appointed a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in the 1995 Birthday Honours. He died on 14 August 2017. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69002996 The Bachelor (American season 26) The twenty-sixth season of "The Bachelor" premiered on January 3, 2022. This season features 28-year-old Clayton Echard, a medical sales representative from Eureka, Missouri. Echard finished in eighth place on the eighteenth season of "The Bachelorette" featuring Michelle Young. Production. Casting and contestants. In August 2021, it was reported that season 15 runner-up Tyler Cameron, and season 17's Greg Grippo, Andrew Spencer and Michael Allio, were in consideration for the lead role. On September 15, 2021, media outlets reported that Echard was selected as the Bachelor. The next day, the production crew was also reported in Echard's hometown of Eureka, Missouri to film footage for his upcoming season. Host Jesse Palmer further confirmed the news on Instagram in October 2021. Echard was formally announced as The Bachelor on November 30, 2021. Notable contestants include Hurricane Sandy survivor Daria Rose; Denver Broncos cheerleader Gabby Windey, who is the ex-girlfriend of "The Bachelorette" and "Bachelor in Paradise" contestant Dean Unglert; Olympic sprinter Marlena Wesh, who represented Haiti at the 2012 Summer Olympics; Miss Virginia USA 2020 and Miss USA 2020 competitor Susie Evans; Miss South Carolina Teen 2015 and top 10 finalist at Miss America's Outstanding Teen 2016 Sarah Hamrick; Miss Teen America 2013 Lindsay Dobbs; and Oppenheim Group realtor Kate Gallivan, who appeared in the series "Selling Sunset". Filming and development. On September 28, 2021, it was announced that former "Bachelor" Jesse Palmer would host the season, replacing former host Chris Harrison. Harrison departed the franchise in June 2021 following backlash after his support for Rachael Kirkconnell, the winner of the previous season, whose photos resurfaced of her attending an Antebellum South-themed party. The season reverted to its standard production format and initial filming location in Agoura Hills, California. This will be the first season they have filmed at the Villa de la Vina mansion (known as The Bachelor Mansion) since season 24, after the previous four seasons of "The Bachelor" and "The Bachelorette" were filmed in a bio-secure bubble zone due to the COVID-19 pandemic. All contestants and crew members are required to present proof of vaccination for COVID-19 to participate. Filming began on September 29, 2021, and interstate and international travel returned this season. Filming was reported in Houston, Texas at NRG Stadium in October 2021, and in Iceland in November 2021 at Harpa Concert Hall in Reykjavik and Ingolfsskali Viking Restaurant in Olfus. Additionally, the season includes visits to the Canadian province of Ontario, Croatia and Austria. Contestants. 33 potential contestants were revealed on September 25, 2021. The final cast of 31 women was announced on December 15, 2021. However, one of the contestants, Salley Carson, a 26-year-old spine surgery robot operator from Greenville, South Carolina, made the decision to drop out of the show hours before the limo arrivals. As a result, only 30 women participated in the show. Episodes. #lt;onlyinclude#gt;#lt;/onlyinclude#gt; 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003005 Urgewald Urgewald is a group which researches coal companies, because they are among the top contributors to greenhouse gas emissions and so cause climate change. The Global Coal Exit List, which they publish, is famous. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003026 Pramila Mallik Pramila Mallik is an Indian politician. She was elected to the Odisha Legislative Assembly from Binjharpur as a member of the Biju Janata Dal. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003028 Wilczka Falls Nature Reserve The Wilczka Falls Nature Reserve - a landscape nature reserve located in Lower Silesia, Klodzko County, in the Bystrzyca Klodzka Municipality, near the town of Miedzygorze. Location and description. The reserve is located in the Snieznik Landscape Park, at an altitude of 570 m above sea level, within the Natura 2000 area. Established in 1958 on the area of 2.75 ha, the reserve comprises the area around the Wilczka Falls, basin and gorge. A 2012 decree stated that the area of the reserve was reduced to 2.65 ha, however, it later turned out that two subdivisions were mistakenly omitted. This error was corrected by the 2016 order, which restored the previous, correct value of 2.75 ha. The reserve consists of an old beech forest with fir, sycamore and spruce admixtures. The following plant species can be found here: cardamine glanduligera, galium odoratum, polygonatum verticillatum, prenanthes purpurea, hordelymus europaeus, athyrium filix-femina, phegopteris connectilis, dryopteris dilatata, lamium galeobdolon, and festuca altissima. The cool, dark and humid microclimate is also conducive to lush bryophyte vegetation. The bottom of the gorge and its mouth are overgrown with leper herb vegetation with moisture-loving plant species such as: white leopard's-foot trefoil, mountain love-grass, mountain water milfoil, and cinquefoil. Waterfall. Previously called "Wodogrzmoty Zeromskiego (Zeromski Falls)", the Wilczka Falls ("German: Wolfelsfall)" is located on the Wilczka River in the Snieznik Massif (Eastern Sudetes), near Miedzygorze. The height of the waterfall is 22 m. It is the second largest waterfall in the Polish Sudetes, after the Kamienczyk Falls. Before the great flood in 1997, the water was falling from a height greater by 5 meters. The flood erased an artificially made threshold from the beginning of the 19th century. Before 1945 the height of the waterfall reached as much as 30 m. The cascade falls from a 3 m wide sill into a small eversion basin carved in a less resistant shale. In winter a spectacular icefall is formed around the cascade. Tourism. The first known description of this place dates back to 1781, written by H. Reisser. The river gorge was then considered unbeaten until 1834, when two officers: Lutz and von Leuthold swam across it. Since the end of the 18th century the waterfall was a destination of frequent excursions from the nearby resorts of Ladek and Dlugopol-Zdroj. In the 19th century, during the reign of Princess Marianne of Orange, a small park with a fountain was created above the waterfall surrounded by a romantic garden[4]. On the initiative of the Negler siblings, stairs, railings and footbridges were built to access viewpoints and the bottom of the gorge. A fee was charged for visiting the waterfall. No traces of the former park layout have survived to the present day. Currently, sightseeing is open to the public along the trails marked out in the reserve. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003040 Lily of the Valley (album) Lily of the Valley is the debut studio album by Irish alternative rock band Funeral Suits. It was released on 4 June 2012, by Model Citizen Records. Singles. The first track from album, "Machines" was released as a music video on 5 February 2009. On 14 April 2011, Funeral Suits released the second music video "Colour Fade". Critical reception. In a review for "DIY", El Hunt wrote: "On the ominously named "Lily Of The Valley" - with all its symbolic associations with death and mourning -- the listener happily gobbles it up for breakfast lunch and tea. This is in part due to the band's impressive command of their craft, and also the album's place in the almost foolproof hands of Stephen Street." At "The 405", critic reviewer Alex Walker noted: "Although the record is not revolutionary, nor would it have been even if had been released a year and a half ago. It is however a very solid debut release; heartfelt and sincere, brimming with a variety of well conceived ideas. The band have a genuine knack for crafting big, epic, extravagant guitar moments complimented throughout by intelligent electronic arrangements." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003100 Jasz-Nagykun-Szolnok County 4th constituency (1990-2011) The Jasz-Nagykun-Szolnok County constituency no. 4 () was one of the single member constituencies of the National Assembly, the national legislature of Hungary. The district was established in 1990, when the National Assembly was re-established with the end of the communist dictatorship. It was abolished in 2011. Members. The constituency was first represented by Laszlo Petronyak of the Hungarian Democratic Forum (MDF) from 1990 to 1994. Istvan Fule of the Hungarian Socialist Party (MSZP) was elected in 1994 and served until 2006. Imre Ivancsik of the MSZP was elected in 2006 and served until 2010. In the 2010 election, Ildiko Janosine Bene of Fidesz was elected representative. Election result. 1990 election. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003108 Sudhamek Agung Waspodo Sunyoto Sudhamek Agung Waspodo Sunyoto (Indonesian old spelling, Sudhamek Agoeng Waspodo Soenjoto. Also known as Sudhamek or Sudhamek AWS) is member of Pancasila Ideology Development Agency Steering Committee since 7 June 2017. Prior this appointment, he was Chairman of GarudaFood Group. He currently is one of 150 Indonesian billionaires. On 13 October 2021, he appointed as National Research and Innovation Agency Steering Committee member. Early Life, Education, and Careers. Sudhamek was born from Chinese Indonesian family and last of 11 siblings. He is son of Darmo Putro, a Chinese, former Indonesian Revolutionary hero-turned-trader and later owner of PT. Tudung Putra Jaya, a small company at that time which trading tapioca flour, founded in 1958. Despite hailed from a quite financially well family, he was always bullied in school due to his unusual name given to him by his parents. Being bullied until high school resulted to his anxiety, trauma, and loss of confidence resulted in borderline marks during his school time. He regained his confidence after achieved best marks during his time as economy student at Universitas Kristen Satya Wacana (UKSW), Salatiga. Sudhamek was graduated from UKSW and obtained 2 degrees at nearly the same time. He obtained bachelor's degree in Economy in 1981 and bachelor's degree in Law on 1982 from UKSW. Despite his aspiration to continue his education to master's degree and went abroad, he did not afford it at that time due to financial limitation of his family. He later worked at Gudang Garam for more than 13 years, enriching his experience by-trade in business and management. He later returned to his family business and continuing it until finally become GarudaFood Group. On 23 January 2016, he granted "doctor honoris causa" in Economy from his alma mater, UKSW. Personal life. Sudhamek married to Lanny Rosiana in 1990. From the marriage, they had 3 children, 2 sons and 1 daughter. While he was not graduated from big university abroad and/or had higher than bachelor's degree, his children were graduate from renowned university with his 2 elder sons, Adhitya and Yudie completed their bachelor's degree from University of Michigan, Ann Arbor and master's degree at Babson University, and his only daughter, Henny was graduated from LASALLE College of the Arts. Sudhamek is a Buddhist from Mahayana school. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003119 James Needham (mycologist) James Needham (1849-1913) was an English mycologist and iron moulder from Hebden Bridge, Yorkshire. He was introduced to fungi by Charles Crossland. He was a founding member of the British Mycological Society. Notable for his working-class status, Needham became one of the foremost collectors of fungi and bryophytes in the UK. He was instrumental, along with Henry Thomas Soppitt, in the discovery of a heteroecious lifecycle in a "Puccinia" species. He was also amongst the first proponents of plant and fungal ecology in Great Britain. His collections and archives are dispersed across the UK including Leeds Museum and Tolson Museum. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003137 Climate 200 Climate 200 is an Australian fund that aims to donate money to candidates who want to advance climate policy. Background. The convenor of Climate 200 is Simon Holmes a Court, who was a part of Josh Frydenberg's fundraising group, the Kooyong 200. With a background in renewable energy and climate policy, Holmes a Court wrote an article in 2018 that was critical of the Coalition's efforts to keep coal fire power stations open. Holmes a Court was thrown out of the group within 24 hours after the article was released, but this gave him an insight into major fundraising for campaigns. The name of his fund is a tongue in cheek reference to the Kooyong 200. The goals of the fund is to support community independents and to fight back against the major parties who have written the election rules to their own advantage, and have failed to put forward a credible climate policy. Election campaigns. 2019 federal election. In the lead-up to the 2019 federal election the group raised over $500,000 and donated the money mostly to independent candidates, but also donated to the campaign of Adam Bandt of the Greens. 2022 election campaign. For the next federal election, the group is planning to target a number of seats held by the Liberal Party. Many of the seats have grassroots 'Voices' groups that intend to run independent candidates. The group announced a number of high-profile former independent MP's to join their advisory panel. The focus of the group is to get more people on the crossbench who aim to strengthen climate policy. Because much of their activity happens in Liberal held seats, various members of the Liberal party have attacked them as a front for the Greens, and questioned where their money comes from, and asking the Australian Electoral Commission to look into their finances. In October 2021 the group announced that they had raised $2 million in 6 weeks. By December 2021 that had grown to $6.5 million from 6750 donors. The group has also conducted polling in some of the seats that they planned to support. 